welcome to the Aperture Science in
mahalovideogames educational video on
the cooperative play in Portal 2 in
dangerous testing environments the
enrichment center promises to provide
you with useful advice for instance the
floor here will kill you and for more
informative tutorials visit w WM a
holocomm / portal 2 w.t failure to
comment rate and subscribe will result
in an unsatisfactory mark on your record
followed by death the portal will open
in three two one to reiterate this is
not a competition still if it were blue
would be winning it's not though low
receives 5 sighs collaboration points
orange you have a gift for these tests
that's not just battery you are great at
science
you